README.md, before:

## PROJECT NAME 
 - AvechiGram

 ## Author 
 - Catherine Nduku 

 ## Description 

 This is a clone of Instagram. You can post, comment and view pictures posted on this App just like on Instagram.

 ## User Story
- Users need to Sign in to the application to start using.

- Users can view different photos.

- Users can click on a single photo to view it and also view details of the photo.

- Users can search for different photos.

- Users can Upload their pictures to the application.

- Users can see their profile with all their picture.

- Users can view  a picture and leave a comment on it.




### Installing

*** To view the app.Visit -> [AvechiGram](http://avechigram.herokuapp.com/instagram/)

1. Clone this repo: git clone ### Installing

*** To view the app.Visit -> [AvechiGram](http://avechigram.herokuapp.com/instagram/)

1. Clone this repo: git clone https://github.com/catherine244/Instagram-clone.git.
2. The repo comes in a zipped or compressed format. Extract to your prefered location and open it.
3. open your terminal and navigate to gallery then create a virtual environment.For detailed guide refer  [here](https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtualenv/)
3. To run the app, you'll have to run the following commands in your terminal
    
    
       pip install -r requirements.txt
4. On your terminal,Create database gallery using the command below.


       CREATE DATABASE instaclone; 
       **if you opt to use your own database name, replace instagram your preferred name, then also update settings.py variable DATABASES > NAME

5. Migrate the database using the command below


       python3.6 manage.py migrate
6. Then serve the app, so that the app will be available on localhost:8000, to do this run the command below


       python manage.py runserver
7. Use the navigation bar/navbar/navigation pane/menu to navigate and explore the app.

2. The repo comes in a zipped or compressed format. Extract to your prefered location and open it.
3. open your terminal and navigate to gallery then create a virtual environment.For detailed guide refer  [here](https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtualenv/)
3. To run the app, you'll have to run the following commands in your terminal
    
    
       pip install -r requirements.txt
4. On your terminal,Create database gallery using the command below.


       CREATE DATABASE instaclone; 
       **if you opt to use your own database name, replace instaclone your preferred name, then also update settings.py variable DATABASES > NAME

5. Migrate the database using the command below


       python3.6 manage.py migrate
6. Then serve the app, so that the app will be available on localhost:8000, to do this run the command below


       python manage.py runserver
7. Use the navigation bar/navbar/navigation pane/menu to navigate and explore the app.

Commit message:

added guideline of Running the tests

README.md, after:

## PROJECT NAME 
 - AvechiGram

 ## Author 
 - Catherine Nduku 

 ## Description 

 This is a clone of Instagram. You can post, comment and view pictures posted on this App just like on Instagram.

 ## User Story
- Users need to Sign in to the application to start using.

- Users can view different photos.

- Users can click on a single photo to view it and also view details of the photo.

- Users can search for different photos.

- Users can Upload their pictures to the application.

- Users can see their profile with all their picture.

- Users can view  a picture and leave a comment on it.




### Installion and Setup instructions

*** To view the app.Visit -> [AvechiGram](http://avechigram.herokuapp.com/instagram/)

1. Clone this repo: git clone ### Installing

*** To view the app.Visit -> [AvechiGram](http://avechigram.herokuapp.com/instagram/)

1. Clone this repo: git clone https://github.com/catherine244/Instagram-clone.git.
2. The repo comes in a zipped or compressed format. Extract to your prefered location and open it.
3. open your terminal and navigate to gallery then create a virtual environment.For detailed guide refer  [here](https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtualenv/)
3. To run the app, you'll have to run the following commands in your terminal
    
    
       pip install -r requirements.txt
4. On your terminal,Create database gallery using the command below.


       CREATE DATABASE instaclone; 
       **if you opt to use your own database name, replace instagram your preferred name, then also update settings.py variable DATABASES > NAME

5. Migrate the database using the command below


       python3.6 manage.py migrate
6. Then serve the app, so that the app will be available on localhost:8000, to do this run the command below


       python manage.py runserver
7. Use the navigation bar/navbar/navigation pane/menu to navigate and explore the app.

2. The repo comes in a zipped or compressed format. Extract to your prefered location and open it.
3. open your terminal and navigate to gallery then create a virtual environment.For detailed guide refer  [here](https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtualenv/)
3. To run the app, you'll have to run the following commands in your terminal
    
    
       pip install -r requirements.txt
4. On your terminal,Create database gallery using the command below.


       CREATE DATABASE instaclone; 
       **if you opt to use your own database name, replace instaclone your preferred name, then also update settings.py variable DATABASES > NAME

5. Migrate the database using the command below


       python3.6 manage.py migrate
6. Then serve the app, so that the app will be available on localhost:8000, to do this run the command below


       python manage.py runserver
7. Use the navigation bar/navbar/navigation pane/menu to navigate and explore the app.


## Running the tests

Use the command given below to run automated tests.


        python manage.py test instagram
        python manage.py test user
